TELCODOCS-674: Document known issues for 4.11 RAN GA (#50945)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

* If an invalid subscription channel is specified in the subscription policy that is used to perform a cluster upgrade, the {cgu-operator-full} indicates a successful upgrade right after the policy is enforced because the `Subscription` state remains `AtLatestKnown`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-43618[*OCPBUGSM-43618*])

* If the SRIOV-FEC Operator is installed through separate policies and the `CatalogSource` reuses the name of a default catalog source, the Operator installation might fail due to conflicts with the management of the default catalog sources. To avoid this issue the SRIOV-FEC `CatalogSource` CR should be added to the `common-config-policy` and the Operator subscription should be added to the `common-subscriptions-policy`. As a workaround when using separate policies to install the SRIOV-FEC Operator, you must ensure that the `CatalogSource` for this Operator is uniquely named. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-39859[*OCPBUGSM-39859*])

> * The `SiteConfig` disk partition definition fails when applied to multiple nodes in a cluster. When a `SiteConfig` CR is used to provision a compact cluster, creating a valid `diskPartition` config on multiple nodes fails with a Kustomize plug-in error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-44403[*OCPBUGSM-44403*])

Author: I wasn't sure the answer to Kelly's question here so I left it for you. https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49433/files#r981407446

Author: See this comment https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49433#discussion_r982078911

+
[source,terminal]
----
Deploy step deploy.deploy failed with HTTPError: HTTP PATCH https://10.16.230.34/redfish/v1/Managers/1/VirtualMedia/EXT1 returned code 412. Base.1.8.GeneralError: A general error has occurred. See ExtendedInfo for more information. Extended information:

{'MessageSeverity': 'Critical', 'MessageArgs': [], 'MessageId': 'Base.1.8.PreconditionFailed', 'Resolution': 'Try the operation again using the appropriate ETag.', '@odata.type': '#Message.v1_1_0.Message', 'Message': 'The ETag supplied did not match the ETag required to change this resource.'}
----

+
This issue might affect various server models, including Gen8 HP machines and Gen9 HP machines running older firmware. For Gen9 HP machines, upgrading to the latest iLO firmware might resolve the issue. For Gen8 HP and others machines, there is currently no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1246[*OCPBUGS-1246*])

* On certain Lenovo models, for example the SE450, bare-metal host image provisioning during ZTP cluster deployments might fail with the HTTP 400 status code and a `PropertyNotWriteable` error:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> HTTP response for PATCH https://192.168.26.178/redfish/v1/Systems/1/Pending: status code: 400, error: Base.1.8.GeneralError: A general error has occurred. See ExtendedInfo for more information., extended: [{'MessageArgs': ['BootSourceOverrideEnabled'], 'Resolution': 'Remove the property from the request body and resubmit the request if the operation failed.', MessageId': 'Base.1.8.PropertyNotWritable', 'Message': 'The property BootSourceOverrideEnabled is a read only property and cannot be assigned a value.', '@odata.type': '#Message.v1_1_0.Message', 'MessageSeverity': 'Warning'}]

Author: This is correct https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49433#discussion_r982091460

* When using NVIDIA-branded Mellanox NICs on Dell hardware, incoming packets that are larger than the preset F5 application receive buffer (currently set to 8K) arrive with an incorrect VLAN tag. This results in irregular truncated packets being delivered by the NIC. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHELPLAN-123058[*RHELPLAN-123058*])

* Sometimes, a {sno} node configured with static IP and deployed using the GitOps ZTP pipeline becomes unreachable during Day 2 operator configuration. The {product-title} cluster installation completes successfully, and the cluster is healthy. After reboot, the node becomes unreachable with the network interface down. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46688[*OCPBUGSM-46688*])

* After removing the `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` policy from the Git repository, the `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` resource managed by the removed policy remains on the spoke cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-34614[*OCPBUGSM-34614*])

> * When upgrading the PTP Operator from 4.10 to 4.11, the OpenShift subscription reports the error 'no channel heads (entries not replaced by another entry)' found in channel `"stable"` of package `"ptp-operator"`. However, the Operator upgrades successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46114[*OCPBUGSM-46114*])

Author: I added a closing quote here. Is this correct? https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/49433/files#r981505319

Author: removed opening quote

$ oc adm release info 4.11.6 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-11-ran-features"]
==== {product-title} 4.11 RAN new features

[id="ocp-4-11-talm-upgrade-recovery"]
=====  Recovering clusters after a failed update

> For {sno}, you can use the {cgu-operator-first} Operator to create a backup of a current deployment before an {product-title} version update. If the update fails, you can use the backup to return the cluster to its pre-update state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {sno}, you can use the {cgu-operator-first} Operator to create a backup of a current deployment before an {product-title} version update. If the update fails, use the backup to return the cluster to its pre-update state.
```

For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/cnf-talm-for-cluster-upgrades.html#talo-backup-feature-concept_cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-manager[Creating a backup of cluster resources before upgrade].

[id="ocp-4-11-RAN-disabling-chronyd"]

> =====  Disable chronyd in the PolicyGenTemplate CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=====  Disable chronyd in the `PolicyGenTemplate` custom resource
```

> You must disable `chronyd` if you update to {product-title} 4.11 from earlier versions. To disable `chronyd`, add the following line in the `[service]` section under `.spec.profile.data` of the `TunedPerformancePatch.yaml` file. The `TunedPerformancePatch.yaml` file is referenced in the group `PolicyGenTemplate` CR:

Reviewer: custom resource (CR)? maybe?

[id="ocp-4-11-ran-known-issues"]
==== {product-title} 4.11 RAN known issues

* After deploying a {sno} cluster with the RAN DU profile, an error `openvswitch: cpu_id mismatch with handler threads` is continuously generated in the Open vSwitch kernel logs. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46165[*OCPBUGSM-46165*])

* If secure boot is currently disabled and you try to enable it using ZTP, the cluster installation does not start. When secure boot is enabled through ZTP, the boot options are configured before the virtual CD is attached. Therefore, the first boot from the existing hard disk has the secure boot turned on. The cluster installation gets stuck because the system never boots from the CD. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-45085[*OCPBUGSM-45085*])

* If an invalid subscription channel is specified in the subscription policy that is used to perform a cluster upgrade, the {cgu-operator-full} indicates a successful upgrade right after the policy is enforced because the `Subscription` state remains `AtLatestKnown`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-43618[*OCPBUGSM-43618*])

> * If the SRIOV-FEC Operator is installed through separate policies and the `CatalogSource` reuses the name of a default catalog source, the Operator installation might fail due to conflicts with the management of the default catalog sources. To avoid this issue the SRIOV-FEC `CatalogSource` CR should be added to the `common-config-policy` and the Operator subscription should be added to the `common-subscriptions-policy`. As a workaround when using separate policies to install the SRIOV-FEC Operator, you must ensure that the `CatalogSource` for this Operator is uniquely named. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-39859[*OCPBUGSM-39859*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the SRIOV-FEC Operator is installed through separate policies and the `CatalogSource` reuses the name of a default catalog source, the Operator installation might fail due to conflicts with the management of the default catalog sources. To avoid this issue, the SRIOV-FEC `CatalogSource` CR should be added to the `common-config-policy` and the Operator subscription should be added to the `common-subscriptions-policy`. As a workaround when using separate policies to install the SRIOV-FEC Operator, you must ensure that the `CatalogSource` for this Operator is uniquely named. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-39859[*OCPBUGSM-39859*])
```

* The `SiteConfig` disk partition definition fails when applied to multiple nodes in a cluster. When a `SiteConfig` CR is used to provision a compact cluster, creating a valid `diskPartition` config on multiple nodes fails with a Kustomize plug-in error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-44403[*OCPBUGSM-44403*])

* When you patch the `ArgoCD` resource with the ZTP container, the patch points to a tag which follows the latest container version for that release version. If you want to pin the ZTP container to a specific version within the release, the patch file `argocd-openshift-gitops-patch.json` should be updated to point to the specific version. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-44261[*OCPBUGSM-44261*])

> *  Applying a `BMCEventSubscription` CR fails to create a Redfish events subscription. After the subscription YAML file is created and applied, no active Redfish subscription is visible. To workaround this issue, do the following procedure substituting appropriate BMC parameters to call the API directly and create the subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Applying a `BMCEventSubscription` CR fails to create a Redfish events subscription. After the subscription YAML file is created and applied, no active Redfish subscription is visible. As a workaround, call the API directly and create the subscription. For example:
```

* When using the GitOps ZTP pipeline to install a {sno} cluster in a disconnected environment, there should be two `CatalogSource` CRs applied in the cluster. One of the `CatalogSource` CRs gets deleted following multiple node reboots. As a workaround, you can change the default names, such as `certified-operators` and `redhat-operators`, of the catalog sources. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46245[*OCPBUGSM-46245*])

* Several clusters fail to update during scale testing. After starting an {product-title} 4.9.26 update with the Telecom vDU configuration applied, a cluster update to 4.10.13 initiated with the `ClusterVersion` CR fails at 15% and waits for cluster Operators updating to the target version. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-44655[*OCPBUGSM-44655*])

* Sometimes, during ZTP GitOps pipeline {sno} installations, the Operator Lifecycle Manager registry-server container fails to reach the `READY` state. When creating subscriptions with a new `CatalogSource`, the `CatalogSource` remains in a `TRANSIENT_FAILURE` state. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-44041[*OCPBUGSM-44041*])

> * When you apply a tuned override to a pod and delete the tuned pod to force a restart, the pod should restart and the system should run normally. Instead a `systemd` hang can occur, causing the system to stop responding. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHELPLAN-131021[*RHELPLAN-131021*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you apply a tuned override to a pod and delete the tuned pod to force a restart, the pod should restart and the system should run normally. Instead, a `systemd` hang can occur causing the system to stop responding. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHELPLAN-131021[*RHELPLAN-131021*])
```

> * When booting ZT Systems machines from a live ISO with static IPv6 address configuration, `NetworkManager` exits successfully before the interface link becomes ready. This leaves the network interface without a configuration. As a workaround, edit the RHCOS ISO referenced in the `AgentServiceConfig` CR to append `rd.net.timeout.carrier` to the kernel parameters in the `grub.cfg` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When booting ZT Systems machines from a live ISO with static IPv6 address configuration, `NetworkManager` successfully exits before the interface link becomes ready. This leaves the network interface without a configuration. As a workaround, edit the RHCOS ISO referenced in the `AgentServiceConfig` CR to append `rd.net.timeout.carrier` to the kernel parameters in the `grub.cfg` file:
```

----

+
Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46305[*OCPBUGSM-46305*])

* During a primary node replacement in a bare-metal cluster, the new primary host gets stuck in a `Provisioning` state, but the node reports into the cluster as `Ready`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-45772[*OCPBUGSM-45772*])

* Using {rh-rhacm-first}, spoke cluster deployments on Dell PowerEdge R640 servers are blocked when the virtual media does not disconnect the ISO in the iDRAC console after writing the image to the disk. To workaround this issue, disconnect the ISO manually through the Virtual Media tab in the iDRAC console. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-45884[*OCPBUGSM-45884*])

> * On a dual-stack networking environment, devices and connections get stuck in an `ip-check` state with a default `dhcp6` profile generated by the `nm-initrd-generator` utility. Due to this issue, the `/etc/resolve.conf` file is not generated. To workaround this issue, restart the `NetworkManager` service. This generates the missing `/etc/resolve.conf` file and the installation can continue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHELPLAN-127788[*RHELPLAN-127788*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-70[*OCPBUGS-70*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On a dual-stack networking environment, devices and connections get stuck in an `ip-check` state with a default `dhcp6` profile generated by the `nm-initrd-generator` utility. Due to this issue, the `/etc/resolve.conf` file is not generated. As a workaround, restart the `NetworkManager` service. This generates the missing `/etc/resolve.conf` file and the installation can continue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHELPLAN-127788[*RHELPLAN-127788*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-70[*OCPBUGS-70*])
```

* After removing the `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` policy from the Git repository, the `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` resource managed by the removed policy remains on the spoke cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-34614[*OCPBUGSM-34614*])

* When upgrading the PTP Operator from 4.10 to 4.11, the OpenShift subscription reports the error no channel heads (entries not replaced by another entry) found in channel `"stable"` of package `"ptp-operator"`. However, the Operator upgrades successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46114[*OCPBUGSM-46114*])

* Currently, all `PtpConfig` CRs in the ZTP source CRs includes the `phc2sysOpts` option. Thus, even if the user does not include `phc2sysOpts` in the user `PolicyGenTemplate` CR, the `phc2sysOpts` option is added to the spoke PTP configuration. If PTP with dual NIC is configured through ZTP, the user needs to update one `PtpConfig` CR to remove the `phc2sysOpts` option after ZTP is completed. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-47798[*OCPBUGSM-47798*])

> * When secure boot is enabled `stalld` service fails to start because it is not able to open the `/sys/kernel/debug/sched_features` file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1466[*OCPBUGSM-1466*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When secure boot is enabled `stalld` service fails to start because it is not able to open the `/sys/kernel/debug/sched_features` file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1466[*OCPBUGSM-1466*])
```
```suggestion
* When secure boot is enabled `stalld`, service fails to start because it is not able to open the `/sys/kernel/debug/sched_features` file. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1466[*OCPBUGSM-1466*])
```

* When secure boot is enabled, the `kdump` service might fail to start with `kexec: failed to load kdump kernel` error. To workaround this issue, add `efi=runtime`to the kernel arguments. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-97[*OCPBUGSM-97*])

* If an SNO cluster is upgraded from OCP 4.10 to OCP 4.11, the SNO cluster might  get rebooted three times during the upgrade process. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGSM-46704[*OCPBUGSM-46704*])

> * If a Supermicro server is deployed through ZTP, the incorrect boot device might be chosen, preventing the install from starting. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-369[*OCPBUGSM-369*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a Supermicro server is deployed through ZTP, the incorrect boot device might be chosen preventing the install from starting. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-369[*OCPBUGSM-369*])
```
